Vision document for "club-e12.me"
-------------------------------

Summary: Handling of the "Duality" (Garret, p. 25ff)and aligment with strategy.

The support of mobile access and the demand for new functionality conflict with our ressources. 

A prioritization must be along the stragety (reach out to a maximum number of users and new additional work)

Technology is not an issue at this stage, but we acknowledge that the selection of specific technologies can affect the ordering of prioritizations.

However, in any case the primary driver is the "information medium" (Garret, p. 28) component for decision making.



Garett (p. 53), cit. "This document isn’t just a
list of objectives—it provides an analysis of the relationships among the various objectives and of how those objectives fit into the larger context of the organization"

* Relationships among objectives

Luckily our product objectives align very well with each other and the identifed user needs. 
However even in our case there are limitations.


2.  Conflicting objectives

2.1. mobile access

There is a clear conflict of goals between our limited ressources and the user needs of persona "Sarah"
who would like to be able to accomplish all kinds of tasks with the club as soon as possible with the help of
her range of mobile devises.

However Persona Sarah is by no means an exceptional phenomenon nowadays! 
Across all generations plenty of peoply rely on mobile devices (especially phones) as the sole means of accessing
the internet!

(Remark: This is true in my place where a flat-rate for 4G/LTE fast connection is something about 25 USD/month,
and even a 10 USD/month plane come with 5 GB and 1000 min "voice" and 1000 texts).

* Conclusion

"Mobile" must be seen as "equal" from the very beginning and part of further planning stages.

2.2. New functionality

There would be  three functions identified as most important to our users.

* online editing of static html content
* an up to date list of the "book exchange list" of the literature special interest groups who maintains this service.
* a possibility to order the daily menue of the club's own cafeteria for home delivery.













